Big hello to all today to tell you
about your purchases it was a firm order
jeans brush JUST I wanted for a long time
but still could not decide to purchase and
In general, I came across their website
a reference at the bottom of our questionnaire can be ordered
and big shell something so let's say
test and order something and for
I started this here
brush case for a long time
Many companies wanted a case like a case
but since I decided to buy a brush I
I think that cheholchik will be useful
he is tall enough that is here
any long brushes probably fit
at the extreme my can be placed
divided into two halves and inside yet
there is a strap do not know either by the strap
most likely not needed but very
convenient when you go somewhere and ride
principle to remove it or so here
divide and put yourself on the table here
now i'm glad i have it too
I ordered brushes, I came across bags and
today I 'll show you these rudoms
it's number 105 they're on my face now
the color is so peachy light and a little
so dark cooler nazim hoteli
until the color is generally excellent leads in principle
I mix them either on our
singly one of them now they
i'm mixed on my cheeks and i like
which is very good pigmentation and they can
build up they absolutely do not dust when
You put the brush in general, I basically
pretty quality not bad enough
but such velvety and pigmentation here
if you can see the poison
as can be seen very good
Then I bought here are three
brushes for now it's three decided
dwell on those that I more
less husband not and so say that I would
I wanted to replace them with some others and
let's start in order
I'll start with this little one
canted brush this is brush number
65 I bought it in principle for eyebrows
so you better fill your eyebrows now
me by the way eyebrows decorated this
brush i really like how this brush
gaining shade as the brow fills
much better than this brush which up
I used it like she did
fills precisely here the gap where there is no
the hair is very delicate and
well fills them too
well shading the ciliary row if
you carry for example a black pencil there
this brush can blend very well
work out and outer corner
general, this is universally sufficient
brush i can't say she only
eyebrow make-up class she too
perfect for your own
Used as well as in the make-up such
here's a little one from synthetic
lint
quite pleasant not prickly
average elasticity as if she says
By the way, not a hair comes out of me
she did not get out she's such a form
It was so for the time being I did not soap it
I can tell how she will behave
after washing
but for the time being I like her I would say
so more or less universal
the next brush is such a big one
brush number 71
She, too, synthetic she have them all
by the way wooden synthetic handles
brush like kisim we all understood on
he speaks but it is not so dense
my lizuna still told that this is the same
I do not like that sigma so
thick brushes I totally agree with him
I also do not like tight so here
Jeans is not less so tight and I like
I don’t know if it’s more pleasant to work with
on his face
This is a brush for applying liquid textures.
tonal bases or some kind of bass under
makeup liquid and such here any
I have already tried to put fat
liquid its basis from clinics and by the way
we are very smooth and evenly
are working out the plot well she puts
climb into such here even
hard to reach some places there near
nose under the eyes and very comfortable
spread the foundation she leaves
no traces there
beautifully does i like this brush
very very nice to wash it easy neither
one hair become not got me here
which i'm glad and despite the fact that
synthetic they are absolutely not prickly
and very very nice and
on the face who does not like this type
brushes from strongly because not so
very tight and here this brush is
substitute and here's the perfect brush for me and
the next last brush is a brush for
me contouring with her are small here
Such are the problems and I got it in
this way I sin on transportation
here these here
protruding hairs on the sides of me completely
I was not at all happy
upset but I hope that after washing
she will bring herself to the original appearance and
will so that's all the same if rovnenko
No, I do not know, maybe I even then
cut your hair don't know what to do with it
come up with this brush made of nap
black goats so the pile is enough
tough and for people with sensitive
skin it does not fit it is a little prickly
but she is well for being so
boring shape and doing very well
contouring the face of the cheek forehead and also
it is good to apply blush on the bill not
very convenient to use it but these
hair of course sticking out on the sides and
a little frustrating
but she's good at picking up pigment
well spreads well shading in
In general, it is quite good but
again I will say that it is a little bit spiky
and hair is probably these two here
minus who can say about these
brushes the rest of the days of course are good
by the way his handle is not wooden like that of
previous brush she is so plastic
plastic if someone has
any ideas thoughts about how
collect this hair back then please
write me a comment i will be very
appreciated not very happy to all of you
your advice in general, I am pleased with these
shopping happy brushes brush for
eyebrow believe that here we say at all
super super brush i use now
almost every day not only for
eyebrows but also for the eyes to me she is very very
liked hope you liked
my video of all I love, kisses to new
bye for now